README.md, before:

# go-metrics-stackdriver
[![godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver)

This library provides a stackdriver sink for applications instrumented with the
[go-metrics](https://github.com/armon/go-metrics) library.

## Details

[stackdriver.NewSink](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver#NewSink)'s return value satisfies the go-metrics library's [MetricSink](https://godoc.org/github.com/armon/go-metrics#MetricSink) interface. When providing a `stackdriver.Sink` to libraries and applications instrumented against `MetricSink`, the metrics will be aggregated within this library and written to stackdriver as [Generic Task](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/resources#tag_generic_task) timeseries metrics.

## Example

```go
import "github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver"
...
client, _ := monitoring.NewMetricClient(context.Background())
ss := stackdriver.NewSink(client, &stackdriver.Config{
  ProjectID: projectID,
})
...
ss.SetGauge([]string{"foo"}, 42)
ss.IncrCounter([]string{"baz"}, 1)
ss.AddSample([]string{"method", "const"}, 200)
```

The [full example](example/main.go) can be run from a cloud shell console to test how metrics are collected and displayed.

You can also try out the example using Cloud Run!

[![Run on Google Cloud](https://storage.googleapis.com/cloudrun/button.svg)](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/editor?shellonly=true&cloudshell_image=gcr.io/cloudrun/button&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver.git&cloudshell_working_dir=example)


__This is not an officially supported Google product.__

Commit message:

docs: add link to official docs and alternatives
Be more explicit that the origins of this project were to add a stackdriver sink to applications already instrumented with go-metrics, and not as any sort of general recommendation to use go-metrics over the options outlined in official documentation.

README.md, after:

# go-metrics-stackdriver
[![godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver)

This library provides a stackdriver sink for applications instrumented with the
[go-metrics](https://github.com/armon/go-metrics) library.

## 🚨 Warning

__This is not an officially supported Google product.__

In general the author of this package would recommend instrumenting custom metrics for new code by following the [official GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics), especially for new applications.

This package is intended as a way to publish metrics for applications that are _already_ instrumented with `go-metrics` without having to use a sidecar process like [stackdriver-prometheus-sidecar](https://github.com/Stackdriver/stackdriver-prometheus-sidecar).

## Details

[stackdriver.NewSink](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver#NewSink)'s return value satisfies the go-metrics library's [MetricSink](https://godoc.org/github.com/armon/go-metrics#MetricSink) interface. When providing a `stackdriver.Sink` to libraries and applications instrumented against `MetricSink`, the metrics will be aggregated within this library and written to stackdriver as [Generic Task](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/resources#tag_generic_task) timeseries metrics.

## Example

```go
import "github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver"
...
client, _ := monitoring.NewMetricClient(context.Background())
ss := stackdriver.NewSink(client, &stackdriver.Config{
  ProjectID: projectID,
})
...
ss.SetGauge([]string{"foo"}, 42)
ss.IncrCounter([]string{"baz"}, 1)
ss.AddSample([]string{"method", "const"}, 200)
```

The [full example](example/main.go) can be run from a cloud shell console to test how metrics are collected and displayed.

You can also try out the example using Cloud Run!

[![Run on Google Cloud](https://storage.googleapis.com/cloudrun/button.svg)](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/editor?shellonly=true&cloudshell_image=gcr.io/cloudrun/button&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/google/go-metrics-stackdriver.git&cloudshell_working_dir=example)
